Cloud release notes 2022-11-07 (#4600)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Umbraco-Cloud/Release-Notes/2022-11-07-ReleaseNotes.md

# Release Notes, November 7, 2022

_Dedicated for Starter and Standard - Projects Dashboard Quick links- Other Umbraco Cloud Updates_

## Key Takeaways

- **Dedicated for Starter and Standard plan** - You can now add a dedicated option for every Umbraco Cloud project plan to run on dedicated resources.

> - **Projects Dashboard Quick links** - When hovering an environment in the Projects Dashboard two quick links are shown for easy access to the backoffice and page, respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Projects Dashboard Quick links** - When hovering an environment in the Projects Dashboard two links are shown for quick access to the backoffice and page, respectively.
```

- **Other Umbraco Cloud Portal updates** - The Portal has been updated with a few other features and updates worth mentioning. These includes a quick invite for organization members, improved deployment messaging, region and dedicated info on the project information page, and a few fixes.

## [Dedicated for Starter and Standard plan]([https://our.umbraco.com/documentation/Umbraco-Cloud/Set-Up/2-factor-authentication-on-cloud/](https://our.umbraco.com/documentation/Umbraco-Cloud/Set-Up/Dedicated-Resources/))

> When "Dedicated resources" was launched in Umbraco Cloud, it was initially only for Professional plans. But since October, it has also been possible to add a dedicated option to a **Starter** or **Standard plan**, so that all projects now have the option of being executed on **dedicated resources** with the benefits included therein.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When "Dedicated resources" was launched in Umbraco Cloud, it was initially only for Professional plans. 
Since October, it has also been possible to add a dedicated option for **Starter** and **Standard** plans with the benefits included therein.
```

![DedicatedStandard](images/DedicatedStarter.png)

See the documentation section [Dedicated Resources](https://our.umbraco.com/documentation/Umbraco-Cloud/Set-Up/Dedicated-Resources/) for more information.

## Projects Dashboard Quick links

> When hovering an environment in the Projects Dashboard you will see a link to the **backoffice** and **front page** of that Umbraco Cloud Project. By pressing one of these links you are navigated to the specific page - simple and easy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When hovering an environment in the Projects Dashboard you will see a link to the **backoffice** and **front page** of that Umbraco Cloud Project. By pressing one of these links you are navigated to the specific page.
```

## [Dedicated for Starter and Standard plan]([https://our.umbraco.com/documentation/Umbraco-Cloud/Set-Up/2-factor-authentication-on-cloud/](https://our.umbraco.com/documentation/Umbraco-Cloud/Set-Up/Dedicated-Resources/))

When "Dedicated resources" was launched in Umbraco Cloud, it was initially only for Professional plans. 
Since October, it has also been possible to add a dedicated option for **Starter** and **Standard** plans with the benefits included therein.

![DedicatedStandard](images/DedicatedStarter.png)

See the documentation section [Dedicated Resources](https://our.umbraco.com/documentation/Umbraco-Cloud/Set-Up/Dedicated-Resources/) for more information.

## Projects Dashboard Quick links

When hovering an environment in the Projects Dashboard you will see a link to the **backoffice** and **front page** of that Umbraco Cloud Project. By pressing one of these links you are navigated to the specific page.

![ProjectsDashboardHoverEnvironment](images/ProjectsDashboardHoverEnvironment.gif)

> Note that accessibility is a central consideration in the realization of the Projects Dashboard, whereby it is easy to navigate between projects and links using only the keyboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::note
Accessibility is a central consideration in realizing the Projects Dashboard, whereby it is easy to navigate between projects and links using only the keyboard.
:::
```

## Other Umbraco Cloud Portal updates

> During October and November, we provided several small fixes and improvements to the Umbraco Cloud Portal. Here are some of the highlights.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During October and November, we provided various small fixes and improvements to the Umbraco Cloud Portal. Here are some of the highlights.
```

## [Dedicated for Starter and Standard plan]([https://our.umbraco.com/documentation/Umbraco-Cloud/Set-Up/2-factor-authentication-on-cloud/](https://our.umbraco.com/documentation/Umbraco-Cloud/Set-Up/Dedicated-Resources/))

When "Dedicated resources" was launched in Umbraco Cloud, it was initially only for Professional plans. 
Since October, it has also been possible to add a dedicated option for **Starter** and **Standard** plans with the benefits included therein.

![DedicatedStandard](images/DedicatedStarter.png)

See the documentation section [Dedicated Resources](https://our.umbraco.com/documentation/Umbraco-Cloud/Set-Up/Dedicated-Resources/) for more information.

## Projects Dashboard Quick links

When hovering an environment in the Projects Dashboard you will see a link to the **backoffice** and **front page** of that Umbraco Cloud Project. By pressing one of these links you are navigated to the specific page.

![ProjectsDashboardHoverEnvironment](images/ProjectsDashboardHoverEnvironment.gif)

:::note

> Accessibility is a central consideration in realizing the Projects Dashboard, whereby it is easy to navigate between projects and links using only the keyboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Accessibility is a central consideration in realizing the Projects Dashboard, whereby it is possible to navigate between projects and links using only the keyboard.
```

:::

## Other Umbraco Cloud Portal updates

> During October and November, we provided various small fixes and improvements to the Umbraco Cloud Portal. Here are some of the highlights.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During October and November, we provided different small fixes and improvements to the Umbraco Cloud Portal. Here are some of the highlights.
```
